Adding Mix variant (#64)
nimblehq/elixir-templates: README.md

│   │   │   │   └── api
│   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   └── api_addon_test.exs
│   │   │   │   └── live
│   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   └── live_addon_test.exs
│   │   │   │   └── mix
│   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   └── mix_addon_test.exs
│   │   │   │   └── web
│   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   └── web_addon_test.exs
```

#### 2/ Variant test

Nimble.Phx.Gen.Template is supporting 4 variants:  

- API
- Live
- Web
- Mix

##### 2.1/ Phoenix project

The Phoenix project could be either an API project, a LiveView project or a Web project.

> - API project is NOT including HTML and Webpack configuration, which was generated by `mix phx.new AppName --no-html --no-webpack`.

Reviewer: Minor syntax issue:

```suggestion
- An API project does NOT include HTML and Webpack configuration, which is generated by `mix phx.new AppName --no-html --no-webpack`.
```

> - Web project is including HTML and Webpack configuration, which was generated by `mix phx.new AppName`.

Reviewer: Same as above, prefer to use the active present tense for all bullet points:

```
- A Web project includes HTML and Webpack configuration, which is generated by `mix phx.new AppName`.
Write
```
